---
layout: post
title: Jester West
permalink: jesterwest
address: 201 East 21st Street
maplink: https://goo.gl/maps/mZ9Kv1GFMpL2
price: $10,223
gender: Coed
dining: J2, Jester City Limits
UTLink: http://www.utexas.edu/student/housing/index.php?site=1&scode=4&id=126
hero: https://www.utexas.edu/sites/www.utexas.edu/files/styles/utexas_hero_photo_image/public/hero-photos/maincampus_hero.jpg?itok=i1E3qQY4
iframe: https://www.google.com/maps/embed?pb=!1m18!1m12!1m3!1d1722.703554574819!2d-97.73743044188875!3d30.28246991167159!2m3!1f0!2f0!3f0!3m2!1i1024!2i768!4f13.1!3m3!1m2!1s0x8644b59c070c71b1%3A0x160cfe70b943e9a3!2sJester+West+Dormitory%2C+Jester+Cir%2C+Austin%2C+TX+78712!5e0!3m2!1sen!2sus!4v1462317318739
average_rating: 3.4
location_rating: 4
comfort_rating: 3
food_rating: 3.2
environment_rating: 3.4

next-dorm: kinsolving
prev-dorm: jestereast
---

##Description##

Jester West towers above all other residence halls on campus, including its sibling Jester East. The coed residence hall stands 14 stories high and holds 1,815 residents (more than any residence hall). The Jester complex was built in 1969, and is so large that it once had its own zip code. Floors 12 through 14 feature movable furniture while the other floors have built-in furniture. Each floor offers community bathrooms, accessible accommodations, and a computer lounge. 

The Jester center offers a plethora of dining options from the buffet-style J2 to the slightly more upscale Jester City Limits, a convenience store, and a Wendy’s (among several other food options). Darrell K Royal Memorial Stadium, Gregory Gym, McCombs School of Business buildings and the PCL are all within close proximity.

---

#Resident Reviews#

> On the bright side, living in a such a shambly dorm has prepared me well for what to expect living in my shoe box in NYC!


"Everything about it is prison-like and completely not worth the money. I don't even know what my tuition goes towards in this dump."

#####Tyler, business sophomore#####

"This year I lived in a connecting bath shared space in Jester West. Unbeknownst to me, my floor was un-renovated and I had a series of problems with smell, air circulation, lighting, water pressure in both the sink and shower, and just overall displeasure with my connected bathroom. My suite mates and roommate were diligent about helping clean up the beginning of the semester, but then I became the main person buying supplies and ended up cleaning the entire thing on my own on three separate occasions. Plus, the doors leading to the restrooms themselves are paper thin so you can hear almost everything. Music, water running, restroom usage, ect. I just do not think living in Jester was worth the money I paid. It's convenient in some aspects, but definitely not worth over $10,000 a year if I still have to stress about little things."

#####Raynna, biology freshman#####

"Someone puked outside my door. Someone took a shit on the bathroom floor. The shower head popped off while I was taking a shower once. Etc..."

#####Omer, chemical engineering sophomore#####

"It was shambly as hell, but I made a ton of friends that I'm still close to today. On the bright side, living in a such a shambly dorm has prepared me well for what to expect living in my shoe box in NYC!"

#####Nicole, advertising senior#####

"Bad experience, I think living in a dorm has been one of the worst and most expensive decisions of my life. I had supplemental housing with a nice, big room but horrible roommates, a nasty bathroom, and a shitty hallway. I now live on a renovated floor which is much better but I'm paying so much for a tiny room and there are still nasty people that mess up the bathroom. Bed bugs, paper thin walls, inexcusable dirty and horrid community bathrooms, loud music, slamming doors, dirty drinking water, and a plethora of other negative experiences. This place is trash."

#####Anonymous IRG sophomore#####

"Make an effort to get to know the people around you, because they are good resources to have in times of distress."

#####Hasan, biochemistry sophomore#####

"The rooms were nice. Honestly, UT dorms are a lot nicer than other schools across the country. It's a shame not every freshman uses them."

#####Emily, public relations sophomore#####

"Don't freak if you get stuck in a 3-person dorm. My roommates and I have so much space and our own bathroom. It's great."

#####Madeline, undeclared freshman#####

_Have an opinion on this residence hall? [Share it with us!](https://goo.gl/forms/2FQQ17t7YAfFhlZT2)_

---

_Residence hall description by Adam Humphrey_