---
layout: post
title: Jester East
permalink: jestereast
address: 201 East 21st Street
maplink: https://goo.gl/maps/mZ9Kv1GFMpL2
price: $10,544
gender: Coed
dining: J2, Jester City Limits
UTLink: http://housing.utexas.edu/halls/jester-east
hero: https://www.utexas.edu/sites/www.utexas.edu/files/styles/utexas_hero_photo_image/public/hero-photos/maincampus_hero.jpg?itok=i1E3qQY4
iframe: https://www.google.com/maps/embed?pb=!1m18!1m12!1m3!1d1722.703554574819!2d-97.73743044188875!3d30.28246991167159!2m3!1f0!2f0!3f0!3m2!1i1024!2i768!4f13.1!3m3!1m2!1s0x8644b59c070c71b1%3A0x160cfe70b943e9a3!2sJester+West+Dormitory%2C+Jester+Cir%2C+Austin%2C+TX+78712!5e0!3m2!1sen!2sus!4v1462317318739
average_rating: 3.7
location_rating: 4.7
comfort_rating: 3.2
food_rating: 3.7
environment_rating: 3.2

next-dorm: jesterwest
prev-dorm: duren
---

##Description## 

Jester East plays second fiddle to Jester West in terms of size, but not in newness. It hosts 1,148 students living on 10 floors. The Jester residence hall complex was built in 1969, and is so large that it once had its own zip code. All of the eastern residence hall was renovated to include movable furniture, private and connecting bathrooms, a computer lab and accessible accommodations. 

---

#Resident Reviews#

> Jester, due to its size, housed every personality and allowed me to interact with so many people.

---

"I liked how close Jester East is to campus, dining halls, and multiple bus stops to get you around the city. Being able to have a Wendy's, Freshen's, Starbucks and two dining halls right down stairs was a blessing and a curse (mainly a blessing, though). I also liked the modern feel of the lobby. I enjoyed studying there during the day and listening to somebody playing the piano right behind me. Overall, living in Jester East was fabulous."

#####Sierra, business sophomore#####

"I wanted the full college experience coming in to freshman year, so I went for the biggest dorm on campus. I've heard so many people talk poorly of Jester but I loved every minute of my time there. The convenience of the location and (more importantly) the dining options were great, but my favorite part of my freshman year experience were the people I met. Jester, due to its size, housed every personality and allowed me to interact with so many people. I know other dorms have certain reputations regarding personality, but I loved that Jester was such a mix. I met my very best friends on the 3rd floor of Jester East, and I wouldn't have traded my year there for anything." 

#####Kathleen, corporate communications senior#####

"It was great! awesome way to make friends and it was very convenient/close to all my classes... and food."

#####Emmanuel, biology senior#####

"Sharing a room can be overwhelming at times, but always address problems head-on. Do not let hold in your feelings/thoughts, because they will soon become bitter and toxic. Don't hesitate to politely tell your roommate if you are uncomfortable with something! Communication between roommates is key!"

#####Nandeeta, biochemistry sophomore#####

"The location as well as the amenities in the lobby make Jester East very convenient, however as a whole it is not worth the money. The building tends to be loud at night, for what you are paying the rooms are not in good condition (e.g. there is piping on the walls carrying electrical wires) and and the rules there make the place very irritating. On occasion there will be a large group of people having an event in the courtyard area and will play extremely loud music until very late that you can clearly hear inside."

#####Bradley, aerospace engineering sophomore#####

"Bring quarters for the washers/dryers since the card reader machines tend to be unreliable."

#####Michael, mechanical engineering freshman#####

"All in all, dorm life is pretty demeaning (you have to PAY to do your laundry), but it'll be over before you know it. But, take advantage of how close you are to classes to get settled into campus and wake up later because you don't have to walk from West Campus."

#####Mathilde, biochemistry sophomore#####

"A girl was moved out of her room in my hallway by police, and there were eight policemen in the hallway with a questionable black plastic briefcase for several hours."

#####Kelly, computer science sophomore#####

"Likes: close to gregory (the few times I actually went to the gym), always food options everywhere. I also loved proximity to the SAC and CLA because those are my favorite places to study on campus, especially at night. I never feel unsafe walking from SAC to Jester because of the high traffic, even at 3 in the morning. Jester's a big place, but something's always happening and I loved that. Dislike: dryers never dried..sent in maintenance request forms but to no avail :( Also a lot of people apparently don't wash their hands after using community bathrooms? But this is basically a description of the grossness of humans sometimes."

#####Laura, Plan II and neuroscience junior#####

"Keep your room clean. The dorms aren't very spacious, and a cluttered room will make it seem smaller than it already is. I LOVE being able to roll out of bed 15 minutes before class and still make it on time. That's my favorite part about living on campus."

#####Richelle, exercise science freshman#####

"Bring quarters for the washers/dryers since the card reader machines tend to be unreliable."

#####Michael, mechanical engineering freshman#####

_Have an opinion on this residence hall? [Share it with us!](https://goo.gl/forms/2FQQ17t7YAfFhlZT2)_

---

_Residence hall history by Adam Humphrey_