---
layout: post
title: Duren
permalink: Duren
address: 2624 Whitis Avenue
maplink: https://goo.gl/maps/LBPTVXp7R2E2
price: $12,791
gender: Co-ed
dining: Kinsolving
UTLink: http://www.utexas.edu/student/housing/index.php?site=1&scode=4&id=1189
hero: https://www.utexas.edu/sites/www.utexas.edu/files/styles/utexas_hero_photo_image/public/hero-photos/maincampus_hero.jpg?itok=i1E3qQY4
iframe: https://www.google.com/maps/embed?pb=!1m18!1m12!1m3!1d3445.088558744243!2d-97.7428323848701!3d30.29154041381213!2m3!1f0!2f0!3f0!3m2!1i1024!2i768!4f13.1!3m3!1m2!1s0x8644b5826bdc1145%3A0x8d3a47721948ebbb!2sAlmetris+Duren+Residence+Hall!5e0!3m2!1sen!2sus!4v1462316936101

next-dorm: jester east
prev-dorm: creekside
---

#Duren is x and y and z#

Duren is the newest dorm on campus. Built in 2007, it was named after Almetris “Mama” Duren, a woman who helped black students at UT from 1956 to 1980. 572 students reside in the dormitory, spread out through six floors. The dormitory is one of three dorms with private bathrooms (it also has connecting bathrooms). It has a long list of amenities including study lounges on each floor, a 24-hour desk, a game room, an exercise room, a private courtyard, and individual room climate control. The Drag, the communication school, and Kinsolving Dining Hall are all in close proximity to Duren.

---

##Pros##

> I never even met my neighbors cause they stayed inside the entire year. <br> Did they even go to class? I'll never know!

---

"I lived in a literal resort. My friends and I recently went back to Duren for old times sake and realized that we took for granted the luxuries we were given. None of us had to use community bathrooms, the best dining hall, Kins, was nearby (that's a biased opinion) and the building was only a few years old in 2012. I didn't know my roommate beforehand, so living with someone new took some adjusting. But overall, it was a fantastic experience. I met my first and arguably my best friends in college in our dorm." 

#####Brenna, journalism senior#####

"Loved it, I only had to share a bathroom with my roommate and it was very spacious for a dorm and well kept."

#####Peri, math education sophomore#####

"I loved living in Duren due to its close proximity to the food of Kinsolving and Kerbey Lane. However, the disadvantage of living in Duren is that most people who live there are antisocial. As a freshman, I expected to have the movie experience of dorms. You know, doors open, people hanging out in each other's rooms, crazy antics in the lobby. But since Duren had private bathrooms, there was really no reason to leave your room. I never even met my neighbors cause they stayed inside the entire year. Did they even go to class? I'll never know!"

#####Theresa, biology senior#####

---

##Cons##

> My roommate blacked out in the shower and flooded our room, neighbors, and the basement.

#####Basab, chemical engineering freshman#####

---

"Great! I just wish the walls were a little thicker, the microwave actually heated up food, the water pressure in the sink was higher, and the dryers actually worked."

#####Name, year#####

"Great! I just wish the walls were a little thicker, the microwave actually heated up food, the water pressure in the sink was higher, and the dryers actually worked."

#####Name, year#####

"Just clean your bathroom...or else."

#####Alec, government senior#####

---

#####_Reporting by Adam Humphrey_#####