---
layout: post
title: Andrews
permalink: andrews
address: 2401 Whitis Avenue
maplink: https://goo.gl/maps/BKEbYUKJ96p
price: $10,223
gender: Co-Ed
dining: Kinsolving, Littlefield Patio Cafe
UTpage: http://www.utexas.edu/student/housing/index.php?site=1&scode=4&id=118
hero: https://www.utexas.edu/sites/www.utexas.edu/files/styles/utexas_hero_photo_image/public/hero-photos/maincampus_hero.jpg?itok=i1E3qQY4

next-dorm: blanton


---

Andrews stands on the southern end of the honors quad, which is located in the northwest side of campus. It was constructed in 1936, holds 132 students spread out on four floors who share community bathrooms. The coed dormitory boasts numerous amenities including a recreation room, access to two sun decks, easy access to the honors quad, and individual climate control for rooms. The Drag, the communication school, and Kinsolving Dining Hall are all in close proximity to Andrews.

---

##Pros##

> Andrews Lobby to this day is the greatest place on campus.

---

"Loved living in the dorms. While I miss not having a kitchen and having more space and privacy, I felt like it was well worth it to live on campus. I met my best friends on my floor, including my roommate. It's convenient to have Cypress Bend on the ground floor of my dorm, with JCL close by. San Jac definitely feels like one of the safest and most welcoming dorms too." 

#####Angelo Cioffi, Computer Science Freshman#####

"I loved living in San Jacinto. It was a dorm full of fun and smart people. I made all of my friends there freshman year, and always had people to eat with, watch movies with, go out with, etc. There were always plenty of places to study and hang out with others, and the building is incredibly designed to last for several years. My only dislike is the size of the rooms, but it's part of the college experience."

#####Alena Savera, Architecture Senior#####

"Loved the community baths, disliked the tiny room. Andrews Lobby to this day is the greatest place on campus."

#####Gregory, Plan II/chemical engineering sophomore#####

---

##Cons##

> Our money is wasted on activities for the socially awkward.

---

"Not worth it. Way way way too expensive, enslaved by dine-in dollars, tiny room, thin walls so you can hear your neighbors' sex at all hours. Doors slam, people are inconsiderate, bathrooms are disgusting. Our money is wasted on activities for the socially awkward."

#####Matthew, English freshman#####

"The old installments like heavy wood doors and hardwood and the general aesthetic of the dorm was nice, and the ornate study lounges are awesome. However, the community in my dorm and the Honors Quad in general was claustrophobic. I wish someone had told me that the community here is so niche, and I would have picked another dorm. Proximity to Kins Market and the dining hall is great to grab coffee in the morning! It's definitely the best food option on campus. It is also so close to the Drag and the edge of campus that I don't feel shut in or trapped on campus. "

#####Samantha, government freshman#####

"Great! I just wish the walls were a little thicker, the microwave actually heated up food, the water pressure in the sink was higher, and the dryers actually worked."

#####Name, year#####

---

<iframe src="https://www.google.com/maps/embed?pb=!1m18!1m12!1m3!1d3445.2063556857456!2d-97.74207018487016!3d30.288186513971937!2m3!1f0!2f0!3f0!3m2!1i1024!2i768!4f13.1!3m3!1m2!1s0x8644b5084a9a2c5f%3A0x2b6ac4412093d70d!2sAndrews+Dormitory!5e0!3m2!1sen!2sus!4v1462254319830" width="100%" height="350" frameborder="0" style="border:0" allowfullscreen></iframe>

---

#####_Reporting by Adam Humphrey_#####